docs: fix confusing loader snippets in Remix and React Router SSR client guide (#47685)
supabase/supabase: apps/docs/content/guides/auth/server-side/creating-a-client.mdx

</TabPanel>
<TabPanel id="remix" label="Remix">

> In Remix, a route module (`_index.tsx`) can export a `loader` (runs on the server to load data), an `action` (runs on the server to handle form submissions), and a default component (runs in the browser). Create a server client inside the `loader` and `action`, and a browser client inside the component. Because the browser client needs your Supabase URL and key, return them from the `loader` and read them with `useLoaderData`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With Remix, in a route module such as `_index.tsx`, you can export a `loader`, an `action`, and a default component.

Configure Supabase clients as follows:

1. **Create a server client in the `loader`.** Use it to load data and manage the user session on the server. Return your Supabase URL and publishable key so the browser can create a client.
2. **Create a server client in the `action`.** Use it to handle form submissions and other mutations on the server.
3. **Create a browser client in the default component.** Call `useLoaderData` to read the URL and key, then call `createBrowserClient`.

The following example shows all three exports in one route module:
```

    }
  )

  // Use `supabase` here for server-side work, e.g. await supabase.auth.getUser()

>   // Return the env vars so the browser can create its own client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // Return the environment variables so the browser can create its own client.
```
